Platformer!===========## TODO for "release"- ~~Points~~- ~~Death by fall into pit~~- ~~Time~~ and death by running out of time- Lives- Flagpole (win condition)- Breaking bricks as super mario- Run button- Secret Pipes that bring player to another 'scene'- Koopa- Invincible star- Fire flower## Fun to have- Multiplayer## Blocks and upgradesBrick blocks  - Smash into pieces when hit by mario from belowHidden coin brick blocks  - Look like normal brick blocks, but turn into a solid block when hit from below, and give mario a coinItem block  - Produces an item when hit from belowMushroom  - Moves in one direction until it collides with something, at which point it reverse direction.  - Makes mario grow into big mario## EnemiesGoomba  - ~~Moves in one direction until it collides with something, at which point it reverses direction.~~  - Gets squished when mario lands on it from the top.  - ~~Kills mario if mario touches it~~    - But does not kill when hit from above!Koopa  - Moves in one direction until it collides with something, at which pointit reverses direction.  - Turns into a stationary green shell when hit from above.  - Kills mario if mario touches it from the sides or below.Green Shell  - Moves when hit from above, changes direction when it collides with something  - Kills a goomba if it collides with a goomba## Multiplayer ideas  - Allow a second player to posses an enemy on the screen  - Race simultaneously with another player to see who can get to the flagpole first  - Allow a second player to edit the level while the other player plays  - Allow a second player to edit physics parameters while the other player plays  - Simultaneously show all players that are connected to the server on the screen at once.  - Players start at opposite ends of the map, first to the middle wins  - One player controls movement, another controls jumping